Chupacabra Dimension
====================

### 

### Chapter 1

### 

Prince Astralnomica looked to his left, then his right. His men-at-arms
were poised to attack, spears at the ready above their heads.

"What is the meaning of this?" Deltoro the third piped up. His cape,
draped from his shoulders to the floor, stirred back and forth as it's
wearer became more agitated.

"I put my faith in *you*, Deltoro the third. Your poor excuse for a raid
has let me down." Prince Astralnomica closed his fist, resting his face
against it atop his upwards arm. The sturdy gold plated throne he sat
upon glistened in the afternoon sun shining through the elaborate sun
roof.

"My leige, this incident was not one of fault. I beg of thee my lord,
demonstrate thy mercy!" the crowned Deltoro raised his open hands to the
prince, a look of worry in his eyes.

"Mine mercy has concluded." Astralnomica sat up in his chair, pointing
his finger at his subject.

**Do you\...**

Kill Deltoro

*page 2*

Spare Deltoro

*page 3*

***

"Kill him."

The men at arms lept into the air with their shields and their spears.
Held high above their heads, their spears penetrated the air downwards.

Deltoro cried out as he fell backwards, attempting to avoid the blades.
The nimble men-at-arms sandled feet trampled Deltoro on their descent,
as their sharp spears simultaneously pierced his clothed flesh. Deltoro
was dispatched in an instant by a dozen tips.

"You murderer!" Deltoro the third cried out towards his master. "Mine
father be not of this cause. Why must ye slay this innocent? If one is
to die, it is I!"

The crowd gathered in the king's chamber began a hushed murmur of
ill-content.

"Silence!" yelled Stollyarov, Prince Astralnomica's right hand man. "The
Prince's will is absolute. All hail Astralnomica!"

The crowd, incentivised by their primitive hiveminds, changed along with
Stollyarov.

"All hail Astralnomica!"

***

"My fury will abside. Live yet another day, but do not displease me."
The prince's punishment was stayed.

"Thank you, my leige!" Deltoro bowed his head and dropped to one knee,
before looking up to scold his second son.

"Deltoro the third, thy life be spared, doth thou not appreciate thine
luck?"

"My leige!" Deltoro the third dropped a tear from his eye as he bowed
his head with his hands at his side.

"This day be marked in your heart of hearts!" Stollyarov, the prince's
right hand man piped in. "Our lorde be merciful, even to the weak and
pathetic!"

Stolyarov pressed his gauntleted fist against his heart. "All hail
Astralnomica!"

The crowd clapped their hands and responded in furvur.

"All hail Astralnomica!"

***

### Abarroth the Foot

### 

It was a shunny day with sparkes of sweat marked on the plants in the
ground. The plethora of nuessential oils beaded on the forhead of the
character in question, **Abarroth the Foot**.

Abarroth stood in the clearing of the forest. His chest was wide as an
Ox was long. His naked muscular chest only covered by a thin strap which
affixed a quiver of arrows to his back. His left eye was in the middle
of a deep scar across his face, the eyeball glazed over with white due
to the damage. An animal's pelt covered his loins, and he wore wooden
sandals on his large feet. In his meaty hand, a mighty axe, forged from
the pristine metal found in the norther mountain lands.

Shunny beams illuminated the giant man, and his face expressed a never
ending thirst for domination. Unbeknownst to the villagers in
Huckelberry village, Abarroth the Foot gazed upon their humble abodes.

The Pitritch family farm had oozed nymph oil from the ground for
generations. The oil was seen as a minor nuisance, but not one without
it's benefits. Left unchecked, the oil would contaminate the corn,
leaving a slippery texture which was unpalatable even for the livestock.
Once harvested, the nymph oil could be sold for a high price in the
market.

Each new oil vein which arose from the soil had to be contained quickly.
Cisterns attached to pumps were fashioned on the veins, scattered
throughout the cornfields. The pumps had to be worked twice a day to
suck up the oil deposits from the ground and keep the corn clean. The
pump levers were difficult to actuate as they often created a
restrictive vaccum beneath the soil.

Markus Pickleton was working the pumps this morning. With every up and
down motion of the lever, the pump made a slurping sound like that of a
person slurping chunky soup from a bowl. Markus heaved the heavy lever
up and down. *SHLURP, SHLOP* the pump reverberated the sound of the
nymph oil being pulled from the earth.

Abarroth the foot breathed heavily as he looked to the corn farm from
among the trees. In the distance, Markus took a break from the pumps to
wipe a bead of sweat from his brow.

Abarroth's grip tightened on the girthy oak shaft of his axe. Shunny
light reflected on it's battered, sharpened blade as he took a step from
the forest.

Markus had already resumed pumping the lever. *SHLOSH, SHLORP* the
sounds echoed as the oil was forced into the cistern. Markus strained
himself as the lever went up and down, up and down.

Abarroth slowly approached Markus from the rear, casting a large
silouette shadow down. Markus paused with the pump's lever in the
upright position, as he curiously looked around for the source of the
blocked out shunny.

\
Markus turned his head with both hands still on the lever. Into his view
came the bare chest of the mighty Abarroth. Rising and lowering,
Abarroth's chest expanded and contracted with his breaths. Markus looked
up in shock to see the grinning Abarroth staring down at him.

"Uhh!" Surprised Markus let go of the pump lever, taking a step back.
"Who are you?" Markus struggled to keep his voice from quivering.

Abarroth said nothing, and only shifted his damaged gaze down to the
pump. Using his free hand, Abarroth the Foot effortlessly pumped the
lever down and up. *SQWEEEE, SQUOOO! *the pump's pitch was heightened as
the giant man worked the mechanism.

"Hey, you're pretty good at that!" Markus blurted at the sight.

Abarroth's grin widened as he threw the lever downwards one last time.
*SQEEEE! *the pump squeaked and Abarroth took an aggressive step towards
Markus.

"What do you want?" Markus stepped back once more, raising his hand up
between him and Abarroth.

Abarroth raised his axe as he closed the gap between he and Markus.

"Foot!" Abarroth's booming voice bellowed, as his axe fell atop Markus.

Nymph oil dripped from a leaky gasket as grunts and the sound of ripping
flesh was heard.

***

### Blotter Rot

### 

Three days had passed and Kim had already began to worry about her
brother. His voyage was only scheduled to last two, but he had not yet
returned to Ardenvoire.

"I'm going to look for Durk!" Kim yelled to her mother as she grabbed a
hard bun from the kitchen.

"Okay dear, be careful!" The mother's voice echoed from within the home.

Kim bolted out the front door, slamming it behind her. Kim wore slim
black athletic shorts, white tank top and a backpack. The cobblestone
street of the town was busy with people as the morning shunny blistered
from above. A neighbor threw a bucket of dirty water from the second
story window as Kim's pitter pattering bare feet ran through the streets
towards the town square.

"G'morning, Kim!" Old man Pete said, the air from his mouth blowing his
bushy white mustache. He had a bald spot on his head, atop a ring of
frizzy white hair. He wore brown corduroy overalls and a blue apron.
"Can ya' bring me some more of that fine woodworm?" he inquired, pausing
from nailing board on the exterior wall of his absinthe shop. He gave an
OK sign.

"Not right now, gramps, I've gotta find Durk!" Kim ran in place with her
hands gripping the shoulder straps of her canvas backpack. Her bare arms
barely moved as her white tank top fluttered with her motion. Kim hopped
back and forth as she eyed the damage on Pete's storefront.

"Rowdy customers again?"

"Third time this week!" The hunched over man replied.

"Ah, you're too nice. Quit handing out free samples, you old fart!" Kim
continued jogging in place as her perky red hair waved.

"Heh heh, some people ne'r learn!" Old man pete rubbed his bald head
before reaching into his pocket. "Here, take this."

The elderly man extended a small green glass bottle full of clear liquid
to Kim.

"What's this?" Kim reached with one hand as she moved closer, her bare
feet still slapping the cobblestone.

"A special elixir. Drink it to restore your vitality!" The man smiled
from ear to ear.

\
"You idiot, I'm only 16!" With a look of distaste, Kim scolded the
alcohol shop owner.

Old man Pete laughed.

"Nothing to worry about, this 'n is alcohol free!" The white haired man
waved his hand in front of his face. "Drink up if the need arises!"

Kim's expression changed to relieved, as she removed her backpack and
stowed the small bottle within.

"Oh then, I'm off!"

The two waved as Kim leaned forward, resuming her speedy run. Kim passed
under an arch which spanned between the two sides of the narrow street,
followed by a leftward turn down a narrow cobblestone slope. Housing and
shops were on either side, with steps leading up to their entrances. A
ringing bell was heard as a customer entered one of the stores.
Discernible chatter echoed off the walls in increasing amounts as Kim
neared the epicenter of crowded populace.

The cobblestone street widened into the town square, where the
marketplace was in full sing. An ass pulled a cart of alfalfa through
the town as it's wide hatted owner led the way. A constable argued with
a drunken man. A fish seller shouted the daily deal.

Kim approached a vegetable stand, exchanging small metal coins for a
handful of potatoes.
